Standardize Resource Analysis JSON Format (#3076)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  compute a metric per region rather than per operation (as `PBCDepthExtension` does).
  [(#3070)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/3070)

> * The `ResourceAnalysis` now uses a single JSON serializer owned by `ResourceResult`, removing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `resource-analysis` pass now uses a single JSON serializer owned by `ResourceResult`, removing
```

To match the other changelog entry
